>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, so
next is about static fields and methods,
that it's actually not really so
important because it wasn't actually so
complicated to do it before this.
So what is a static field?
So if I have a class for example,
let's say I have a person or that and
I say well, I want to define a property
that applies to all the persons.
For example, I can say person maxAge.
Let's say 150,
let's be optimistic about this, so 150.
In this case, it's a property that
is applied to all the persons.
And the way to do that was to create
a dynamic property like this before,
but it's actually outside of the body,
it's not within the body declaration.
So now the difference
that we can say static,
maxAge, and we can put a value here,
that's the difference.
So now we define that within the body,
which sounds and
the same happens with methods.
So we can have a method that applies,
I don't know, like list all,
that will do something.
Well, now this applies to not one person,
so if I have here, John,
John.lIstAll is wrong, right?
Because it's not an instance method,
it's person.listAll because
it's an a static method
like in Java or
other languages where you do have static.
Okay, make sense?
The thing from ES2022.
That is kind of really, really new.
Have in mind that ES2022 was
the spec was finalized June 2022.
That doesn't mean that browsers
started to implement that,
that at that precise moment,
they take some months and versions.
So maybe at the end of 2023 this was actually
implemented in most of the browsers.
Okay, makes sense?
And the next one I actually,
I can continue here,
it's actually also new in JavaScript,
it's called initialization block.
So actually you say static,
you open a code block and you write code.
You say what?
What is that?
What is that for?
It's actually called, it's like
a constructor for the static class and
not for instances, but
it's going to be executed once.
Okay, it's a singleton execution.
So everything you put here consol.log
("I am in the static
initialization block") that's
going to be executed only
once in the lifetime of
your app when the class is being parsed,
okay?
Make sense?
Without that, it's something that
you put outside so or after.
So it's just code that you put after
defining the class, but now it's within
the body, so it's semantically attached
to the creation of that class.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, make sense?
It's just that.
It's not a big deal, but it's actually
something that needs to be processed
by our minds to get used to that,
I need to find use cases for that as well.
Okay, so sometimes now, when you
create classes and you're using OOP,
some code that you have just
in the body of your module,
that code, that is not in a function.
It's just like global
code that you have there,
now you can put that within the static
block that will make more semantic sense.
That's the idea, okay?
Such that they are, so that, well,
this code belongs to this class.